[Music]
this man is a voyeur
what i like most is peeking at neighbor
beauty changing clothes
but every critical moment the curtains
are always drawn
but now he became a transparent person
what do you guess he will do
[Music]
the neighbor's doorbell was rang
frantically beauty after washing
casually in a bathrobe come to the cat's
eyes
but found that there was no one outside
the door the beauty thought it was a
prank
but when she was about to leave the
doorbell rang again
the beauty opened the door in doubt the
corridor is as empty as ever
what she didn't know was that man has
sneaked into her room
the beauty starts to comb her hair as
usual but the mirror moved up suddenly
for no reason she stood up frightened
suddenly
a force from behind directly teach her
to push her down on the bed
only left in the room this foyer is
actually a genius
his name is shao this day
he alone broke through the last step in
the experiment
restore invisible animals the teacher
convenes a working group
come to the laboratory lying in the test
is an invisible gorilla
they want this the invisible gorilla
recovers
if it succeeds this will be a miracle in
the history of science
the debugged medicine was held by a
colleague but shaushay is accustomed to
controlling the overall situation
he snatched the medicine from his
colleague this step must be done by his
own hands
i saw the medicine instantly float into
the aorta follow the direction of x flow
through the whole body
adhesive the heart begins to show then
there is the x tube of the whole body
to the skeleton everyone's nervous
expressions slowly relax
but when they thought the experiment was
successful the heartbeat data of the
gorilla rose sharply
[Music]
various data are also chaotic
tension in laboratory again a group of
people hurriedly started to remedy
at last orangutan back to normal they
succeeded
the next day first day xiaoshi leads the
team to report to the leader
but he panicked said that his experiment
was unsuccessful
because once the truth is told their
laboratory will be taken over by the
military
xiaoshui's ambition it's not just
limited to animals
next step he wants to make human body
gold directly
and he is the little white mouse hewa
and art think he is crazy
but i don't know why this crazy genius
in front of me
back to base they helped shaushay hide
the truth
after dealing with everyone's objections
xiaoshi lay down on the experimental
platform excitedly
this guy is on him after injecting a
blue potion
just watch his body slowly change the
skin begins to dissolve
rapid heartbeat all indicators are
beginning to rise
however after a while the man's heart
rate gradually returned to normal
seeing that he has become a dense self
then disappeared completely
shaushay became in the history of
science the first transparent person
but he was overstimulated passed out in
case of accident
the members of the group decided to take
turns to watch the night
ahua is explaining the geometry to shali
leave first
shali is the only one left in the lab
she turns on and the imager
observing the situation of chaoshay
after seeing nothing unusual
lying on the stool sleep in a daze soon
the iron door of the laboratory was
pushed open the animals have noticed the
abnormality
xiaoshi came to the control room shang
shaoli called shali softly
after seeing her unresponsive step
forward
fiddle with her hair gently subsequently
the technique is getting bolder and
bolder
he unbuttoned a button down at this
moment
shelley wakes up suddenly i found my
close button open
she realized something was wrong calling
xiaoshui's name
but no one responded she looks at the
thermal image
back to the picture i found that
chaoshay disappeared
when she looks back again picture h then
lay back on the bed
first the next day shall we will this
situation
told a colleague when art came up to ask
the teacher but he said he was just
went for a cup of coffee since there is
really no evidence
everyone can only do what they want but
the more i didn't make an appointment
schauschwiz behaved more and more
arrogant when my colleague hey was in
the bathroom
i always feel a noise afterwards not
only that the urinal on the side flushed
by itself
sister hey hurriedly brought thermal
imaging glasses
but found nothing awa is doing the
experiment
the cola around you automatically
changes position even
fairy the clothes fall off by themselves
she knew it was shouschwi's prank
but in order not to stimulate chaoshui's
brain awad didn't choose to be angry
but turn around and leave at last the
experiment progressed to the last day
team members get ready inject the
recovery medicine into xiaoshui's body
but but there was an accident xiaoshui's
body keeps twitching
no matter how you rescue it it won't
help soon
meeting xiaoshe is back again the
original transparent form
in order to see the small whereabouts of
the rule they made a mold for shao
at least for now he has a human face as
the object of observation
the shaushay activity area is limited to
the laboratory after a long period of
radiation treatment and testing
he became violent and irritable at night
the handsome guy who can't stand the
torture
decided to go out for shopping he
disregarded his colleagues block
got on the elevator without hesitation
shaushay driving a car
i feel like i'm back to the pinnacle of
my life come to the traffic light
two bear kids pointed at him shaushui's
polite response
back home chowshay saw the neighbor
beauty who often peaked
he is full of evil thoughts in his heart
no one can see it anyway
xiaoshi rang the neighbor's doorbell
taking advantage of the gap when the
beauty opens the door
walked into the room after the beauty
turned and walked into the bedroom
chaoshay suddenly launched an attack
from behind after venting my lust
xiaosha walked to the window seeing awa
actually appeared in her room
he knows it's a big deal xiaoshi
returned to the building
hide in the corner and observe in secret
until awa is gone
he washed his face unhurriedly
subsequently carrying a bag
came to the laboratory with a relaxed
look but ahua feels that if she
continues to hide her virtue
it will be dangerous she decided to
report to the leader
shaushe back to the laboratory become
more irritable
the barking of an invisible dog outside
the door make him feel worse
chaoshay walks straight to the dog just
watch him open the iron cage
pick up the dog gently subsequently
[Applause]
little teacher has gradually disliked
control wait the next day
when shelley came to feed the dog seen
through thermal imaging
the dog is dead she angrily questioned
why did shaushay do this
but xiaosha never admits that he belongs
to him helpless
shali can only take these things tell a
colleague awa at this time
time can't stand it anymore she called
the leader but found them
all telephone lines have been cut off
ahua and art want to go out to find the
guard
but their door has failed it's shao who
wants us population
it's a little teacher who wants us to
kill him the two hurried back to the
control center
after telling the situation to my
colleagues they decided to take chauchet
with their hands
someone wears thermal imaging glasses
sister hay is alone in the end
just wait for the moment she just put on
her glasses
the rest came to the experiment platform
found that chaoshay has disappeared
at this time voice from the radio the
wind feels like shao
he is god can dominate everything wait
until the sound is over
they found out that sister haye was gone
awa has a bad feeling in her heart
in a huddle celie they found sister
hayes street
a group of people feel unbelievable but
something has happened
letter and telegraph absolutely can't
just wait and die
alling sensors lay swap space in the map
xiaoshui's position is displayed two
people bring good equipment
awa takes a walkie talkie to report but
when the two are about to pick up
shaushe
he disappeared from the map two people
at the scene
i didn't see the little teacher because
it's too nervous
they also put the exhaust pipe by
mistake just when the two of them
relaxed their vigilance
my colleague xiaopong was suddenly
dragged into the air the crafty little
teacher climbed onto the pipe
our cue shot art hurriedly started
anesthesia cue shots
hot air is ejected from the pipe
straight into the face of the teacher
straight into xiaoshui's cheek he just
threw xiaopang aside
look at the chubby who is full of x art
was full of anger
number of shots at the pipe queue pipe
falling down but the crisis has not been
resolved
shaushay forced art to the corner at
this time his bullets are also out
art picked up the fire extinguisher on
the side spray dry powder
to observe the whereabouts of the little
teacher and shaushay doesn't seem to be
in a hurry to solve him
began to continue to carry on art picked
up the fire extinguisher and smashed it
but he was avoided by the handsome young
handsome just when art was knocked down
awa arrived in time drag him into the
laboratory
but the other two are not so lucky when
charlie took the x paste and was about
to go out
push to the ground by shaushay solve it
easily
curly was also attacked by shaushay
shawn got a box lunch
arder chased out the same stabbed by the
teacher
he will be the two of art locked in the
freezer go away
come to the control center made a time
bomb other keys
he wants to destroy all data but he
ignored the desperate situation
women's explosive potential a y uses her
own knowledge
made a sucker device after opening the
iron door
she is holding a flamethrower i arrived
at the little teacher who was going to
leave
almost s shaushui's clothes are
destroyed
body state go incognito again witty
flower
pick up the flame thrower and burn it to
the sprinkler pick up to the wine spout
washed by the rain shaoxi's figure
appeared but the small ahua
there is the opponent of the junior
teacher soon she was pressed to the
ground
just when ahua is resting fast art
appeared behind him with an iron rod
he sat down chauchet bring awa to the
elevator duct
they are going to climb the stairs
brother to escape from this place
at this time cd explosion the impact
force directly lifted the elevator up
the two were lying on the wall but i
didn't wait for the two to get ready
the elevator landed again
the elevator cable saved them the two
escaped but the little teacher is
forever buried in the flames
the story ends here if you lose the
moral bondage
how will you make sure that you don't
become a demon